[kafka bindings] Add `saslMechanism` (#3550)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-bindings/kafka.md

| authType            | Y | Input/Output | Configure or disable authentication. Supported values: `none`, `password`, `mtls`, or `oidc` | `"password"`, `"none"` |
| saslUsername | N | Input/Output | The SASL username used for authentication. Only required if `authRequired` is set to `"true"`. | `"adminuser"` |
| saslPassword | N | Input/Output | The SASL password used for authentication. Can be `secretKeyRef` to use a [secret reference]({{< ref component-secrets.md >}}). Only required if `authRequired` is set to `"true"`. | `""`, `"KeFg23!"` |

> | saslMechanism | N | Input/Output | The SASL authentication mechanism you'd like to use. Only required if `authtype` is set to `"password"`. If not provided, will default to `PLAINTEXT`, which could cause a break for some services, like Amazon Managed Service for Kafka. | `""`, `"SHA-512"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| saslMechanism | N | Input/Output | The SASL authentication mechanism you'd like to use. Only required if `authtype` is set to `"password"`. If not provided, defaults to `PLAINTEXT`, which could cause a break for some services, like Amazon Managed Service for Kafka. | `"SHA-512", "SHA-256", "PLAINTEXT"` |
```
